Previously on Raising Kanan...
Crown Camacho's
check-writing days is done.
Put it all on
Crown. everything.
The Feds is gonna dig deep.
Shit. for all we know.
they already watchin' you.
You got our money or not?
Only reason this
motherfucker's still breathin'
is 'cause he said
you were good for it.
Yo. Gerald. where you stay at?
I don't take nothin'
from her no more.
especially not
her fuckin' money.
You let Raq in this crib
again. I'm fucking you up.
I'm thrilled that you're
interested in enlisting.
but there is a process.
I need to get out of Queens now.
I might have this
audition comin' up.
It's for a girl group.
I could use your help
gettin' ready for it.
Ain't even no question.
And you gonna run the table
on all them little bitches.
Break a leg. Polo girl.
Thanks.
- Uncle Lou not here?
- Fuck Lou.
This about you and you alone.
Yeah. but he has the
track I'm singin' to.
Fuck.
My bad. Juke.
♪ A girl like me ♪
Thank you. That's enough.
So you want to use my
drivers to deliver weed?
Me and Famous'll
handle all the calls
and get your boys the packages.
Now I gotta sit my
ass out there all day?
This weed's 'bout to make you
three times what Paul
is payin'. Jevon.
You need any help with
findin' performers
or fuckin' with
promotion. I'm your guy.
Well. truth be told. I
could use help all over.
Raq makin' money off your back.
She different now. man.
My client is
motivated to sell.
Any offer I make is
gonna be straight cash.
Where is 'Nique?
Maybe he got himself
a side piece.
Fuck you. Ronnie.
I don't want no drama
around me. 'Nique.
And you around me now.
I ain't tryin' to have no
mess comin' along with you.
[Rileyy] ♪ I'm a hustler.
baby I'm a hustler. baby ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ Yeah. I know
Heartbreaks. setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs. you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me It's all
a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke
man Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure.
man I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money Make.
make. make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money. Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em ♪
♪ Done shot At the
rest of 'em. yeah ♪
♪ Checks. I'm collectin' 'em ♪
♪ Check. boy I'm
finessin' 'em ♪
♪ Bag Supreme Boy.
you fuck around ♪
♪ Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ Before the weather
break You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it. they
Don't do it like we do it ♪
♪ Nah. cop it. whip
it Bag it. flip it ♪
♪ Re-up. we up
G'd up. what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck. hey ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
Ha ha. That's right.
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
[Rileyy and 50 Cent]
♪ And it's all right ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ That's how
We do it on this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to
it On this side ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks
Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs. you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me It's all
a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke
man Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure.
man I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Hey. hey ♪
Hey. watch it!
You don't really think you're
gonna get away. do you?
We haven't spotted them yet.
but they're somewhere in
the immediate vicinity.
♪ Go. go. go. go ♪
[MC Ren] ♪ 100
miles and runnin' ♪
♪ MC Ren. I hold the gun and ♪
♪ You want me to kill a
Motherfucker. and it's done ♪
♪ Since I'm stereotyped
To kill and destruct ♪
♪ Is one of the main reasons
I don't give a fuck ♪
♪ Chances are
Usually not good ♪
♪ 'Cause I freeze With
my hands on a hot hood ♪
♪ And gettin' jacked
By the you-know-who ♪
♪ When in a black and
white The capacity is two ♪
♪ We're not alone We're
three more brothers ♪
♪ I mean street brothers
Not wearin' medallions ♪
♪ Because we're not
Stupid motherfuckers ♪
- Speed overrated.
- Don't move. Don't move!
Everyone tryin'
to be the fastest.
But you move too fast.
you make mistakes.
And you don't time
to fix them fuck-ups.
'Cause you movin' quicker
than you should already.
Speed don't mean shit.
if you don't know where
the fuck you goin'.
[Eazy-E] ♪ Stop.
stop. stop. stop ♪
Seeing as you've chosen
not to be represented
by your own broker.
I just want make sure
that you understand
that you are purchasing this
property as is. Ms. Thomas.
Any and all issues
that were revealed
in the inspection are
your responsibility.
I know.
We good.
It's official. then.
You are the proud owner
of Southside Plaza.
I will get you these
papers within a week.
- Congratulations.
- Hmm. Thank you.
What the fuck you
gettin' into now. Kanan?
Yeah. it's just
one of my friends
got caught up with some weed.
It's bullshit. man. You
know how they do us.
What's your friend's
shit got to do with you?
Kid ain't got no family.
I tried to go get him.
but they said I need a
parent or a guardian.
And I ain't neither. I ain't
even know this little nigga.
Just tell them you his uncle.
They not even checkin' nothin'.
What's his name again?
Jevon Baltazar.
Look. I don't know what
shit you doin'. Kanan.
but I can tell it ain't good.
I'm just tryin' to help
out a friend. Uncle Lou.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Officers.
Well. Stuart told us
you just. uh. closed
on the property.
I did.
Congratulations.
Sure you're gonna have
a lot of success here.
I'm Officer Buckley.
This is my partner.
Officer Roland.
Raquel Thomas.
You're on our beat now. Raquel.
So we wanted to
introduce ourselves
and let you know that we're here
and always at your disposal.
This-this can be a
tough neighborhood.
Ah. there's vandalism.
There's property
damage. break-ins.
It's all par for the course.
And we're the first
line of defense
against all that.
Sometimes we can even stop
those things from happenin'
before they happen.
Which is why it's
so important for us
to have a good and mutually
beneficial relationship
with local business
owners like yourself.
I'll keep that in mind.
How's your son
enjoyin' high school?
What you know about my son?
Oh. when Stuart told us that
you were buyin' the property.
we did a little research on you.
Uh. it's nothin'
that we wouldn't do
for any of the folks that we
serve and protect in the area.
You know. Officer Roland and I.
we. uh. coach a football team
for some of the kids
in the neighborhood.
If your son's ever interested.
we'd love to have him on board.
My son. he don't play football.
And if you don't
mind. I gotta go deal
with the property I just bought.
- Got a lot of work to do.
- Of course.
Hey. you call us...
if there's ever any issues.
Oh. and. uh. once
again. congratulations.
Now. there is nothing better
than having new energy
in the neighborhood.
I didn't expect it. you know.
What's the word. Pop?
Look at sexy-ass Urkel
up in this motherfucker.
Mm. mm. I heard you got out.
Mm. Aw.
Mm.
Damn. son. you got
them prison muscles.
They look good on you.
I always did like them
strong-silent-type niggas.
Of which I'm neither...
beggin' the obvious question.
what the fuck are
you doin' with me?
Wish I knew.
Ahh.
Well... Yeah.
You don't look too much
worse for the wear.
My brother.
Come. Sit down.
- Yeah.
- Yes.
It's a new business. Quân.
Gonna take a little
minute get the word out.
especially being
that we ain't got
no visibility out
on these streets.
My wife's cousin is tellin' me
that there's no business at all.
Man. your cousin need to
settle the fuck down. man.
Rome wasn't built in no day.
We gotta build that awareness.
Same time. we gotta
be smart about it.
'cause too much attention
attracts the wrong
kind of attention.
Police?
Listen. Quân. if you and
your cousin ain't happy.
we could dead this
shit right here
and I'll get my
work somewhere else.
I'll give you some time.
See. I run my shit just
like your cousin run theirs.
Someone got a problem
with the food.
they get at the cook.
I'm the chef around
this motherfucker. man.
And my kitchen
run real hot. too.
So it's best everybody stay
the fuck up out my shit.
I have always found
Unique to be. uh...
reasonable and tho...
Reasonable and thoughtful.
And if he is sayin' to sit tight
while he's figurin'
out some things.
I would suggest...
that you give him time
to fashion a plan.
'Nique's plan's bein'
made by his dick.
He fuckin' the competition.
Who's your brother
fine ass smashin'?
Raq.
- Ah.
- Shit.
Ah. this business makes
for strange bedfellows.
right. baby?
Oh. we heard Raq ain't
in the game no more.
she shut all her shit down.
You ain't in the
game no more neither.
So how the fuck you
know what Raq doin'?
Hey.
Because heads come
in here every day
to kiss the fuckin' ring.
They tell us they business
because of who the fuck we
are and what we done out here.
That's the very reason
why your socially
maladjusted ass
is here askin' for
counsel. nigga.
Look. you don't
wanna wait on 'Nique.
Get up yourself. You
know how it's done.
Ain't got funds.
And this monosyllabic
motherfucker come in here
with his hand out. huh?
I made you money back
in the day. Snaps.
- Yeah?
- No. we gave you money
back in the day. Urkel.
And the shit worked out for you.
You know what. Ronnie? Why not?
We have made money
in the past together.
And more than that.
Pop and I believe
in assisting the
recently rehabilitated
get back on their
feet. don't we. baby?
Shit. If you say so.
So we will make
a small investment in your
burgeoning enterprise.
But...
the lion's share's gonna
come from other sources.
So you givin' me the money?
Some money. nigga.
You gotta get other
fools to throw in. too.
And just so that we're clear.
we expect a regular return on
our investment. my brother.
When you retired like us.
them monthly checks matter.
Hello.
I'm lookin' for. um. Gerald.
Yeah. yeah. Don't worry.
I got you. I promise.
Somebody like they caffeine.
Look who it is.
Nothin' else in there. right?
I keep it clean at work.
I was turning my
house upside down
looking for this stuff
before you called me.
Forgot to give it back to
you when I drove you home.
Probably better that
you held onto it anyway.
Way that night was going.
who knows what would
have happened to it?
Or me.
I wanna thank you. Marvin.
again. for what you did
for me. for being there.
I didn't have anywhere
else to turn. and...
I knew you wouldn't judge me.
We friends. man.
Ain't never no judgment.
You in a tight
spot. just hit me.
That's how friendship work.
So. uh...
you. uh...
you a reporter or some shit?
I'm an editor.
Mainly write about culture.
entertainment. and the arts.
Yo. fuck you know about
entertainment. Gerald?
Dress like a-a damn banker.
Vestige of my dad.
Told me any real job
requires a coat and tie.
Stuck with me.
Entertainment. though?
You? You for real?
Yo. you wouldn't even
know the difference
between Ronnie Isley
and Ronnie Reagan.
Ronnie Reagan sings the hell
out of "Between the Sheets."
Just because I
don't have any hair
doesn't mean I
can't let it down.
Yo. look. man...
it ain't my place.
and I don't get into
nobody else's business
'cause we all got demons.
But...
some demons bigger than others.
I miss our group. Marvin.
I miss Renée.
Ah. me too.
I mean. I know all that
was for my other problem.
But also. it helped
with this one.
I felt less alone. I felt
like someone heard me.
We could...
we could have our
own shit. you know?
Just me and you.
I mean. keep each
other correct and shit.
What you think about that?
I mean. if you'd be willing
- to stick with me through all...
- Yo. fuck willin'.
I wanna do it.
Shit. I get as much
out of it as you.
I sincerely doubt that.
Man. get in here.
Bring it in. man.
- Thank you. Marvin.
- Doggone it.
Thank you.
Detective Howard.
Special Agent Tanner.
You know Detective
Ogden. Queens Narcotics.
No doubt. What can I
help you guys with?
You got a minute?
Yeah.
Gentlemen.
We're struggling
with this Crown Camacho
angle. Detective.
I'd love to hear your take.
He was everywhere. always.
I'm still tryin' to wrap my head
around how much work he
had in these streets...
more than I even knew.
So you were unaware
of the operations
at the Baisley Projects
and South Jamaica Houses?
No fuckin' clue.
Of course. now we know
that he was payin' people
off to keep his shit quiet.
That's how it always is.
The most successful hustlers
the one's makin' the most money.
they move real quiet.
All I heard is he
was a music guy.
Music is the new crack.
All these drug dealers.
they take their drug money.
they start a label.
they try to find
the next Run-D.M.C.
I mean. just the fact
that Crown was fuckin'
with the music.
tells you he was into all
kinds of other shit. man.
All this hangin' on a guy
they fished out of the Hudson
just seems real easy.
Sometimes shit seems
easy because it is.
You have any other operating
theories or suspects?
Thoughts more than theories.
Well...
we appreciate your
help. Detective.
By the way. where are
they with your shooting?
Any progress?
It's kind of like
Ogden was sayin'...
- more thoughts than theories.
- Hmm.
Seems to be a recurring
theme in South Jamaica.
Catch you later.
Looks like everything's
where it's supposed to be.
I have to ask you
a couple questions
before we take a blood sample.
Are you pregnant? Have
you ever been pregnant?
Do you plan on
becoming pregnant?
No.
Are you or have you
been sexually active?
No.
- You sure?
- I'm sure.
You don't want to show
up to basic training
with a baby in your belly.
That's not gonna happen.
Mm. if you say so.
I say so.
You messin' with
other girls? Hmm?
I mean. you gone
all the time now.
and I don't even
know where you go.
Yo. P. I'm just tryin' to
enjoy this sandwich. all right?
And I'm just tryin' to know
if you fuckin' other girls.
Look. all you need to know
is I'm takin' care
of you and our son.
'Nique. that's not enough.
Fuckin' never enough.
Can't deal with this shit.
Who you fuckin'. 'Nique?
Let her do your laundry. then.
Yeah. let her polish
your damn chains.
Let her take care of your
crazy. punk-ass brother!
- You down in Flushing.
- All right. man.
- This is my last delivery...
- Kanan.
I'll talk to y'all later.
Who that?
My friends.
Your friends got
pagers and bikes now?
They do what they do.
So what you want. Ma?
Only hear about you now.
Don't really see you no more.
Just wanted to put eyes
on you for a minute.
Here I am.
Now I gotta get back to school.
Yep.
All right. You're good.
Yeah. let me see your backpack.
Okay. ladies and gentlemen.
let's get ready for
your next number.
It is...
N-31.
N-3-1.
All right. let's try again.
And the next one is...
N-45.
N-4-5 has got to be a winner.
Set her up for me.
Got you. Come on. Grandma.
And the next is... I-29.
I-2-9.
Why you darkenin'
my doorstep. Ronnie?
I need work. Deen.
Who's gonna be a
winner tonight?
G-50.
G-5-0.
Who's got it?
Next number is...
- B-2. B-2.
- You come to the wrong place.
Not only am I out of the
business of South Jamaica.
but if your last name is Mathis.
you're what I like to
call persona non grata.
Simply put. I don't fuck
with you and your brother.
- Does Unique know you're here?
- Ain't about him.
I got a little bit of
money. and I need this work.
You're not gonna find it here.
That table?
I'm not the nigga you say no to.
All right...
And I'm not the nigga
you put your hands on.
You don't run me. Ronnie.
I run you.
And I will run yo' ass
into the fucking ground.
So you supply my brother
but you play me to the left?
All your brother work
comes from some Colombians
up in Washington Heights...
Nariños. Raq's connect.
nothin' to do with me.
Like I said.
I have no business
on the Southside.
And I definitely have
no business with you.
Get his ass outta here.
Let's go.
Good one.
- G-48.
- Let's go.
G-48.
I'll get it.
Glad to see you
answer your door.
'cause you sure as hell
don't answer your phone.
Congratulations. Jukebox.
I made the group?
Now. I know I ain't drive
all the way out to Queens
to tell you you not in it.
so. yes. you made it.
Yes. Yes. yes.
Oh. come-come in.
What you need?
Quarter?
Ah. I'll-I'll send
one of my best guys.
I'll get him to you soon.
Yeah. word. Word.
God damn it. This phone don't
ever stop fuckin' ringin'.
Barely got time to
page these niggas.
We gonna need a
switchboard or somethin'.
Yeah. we gonna get
a answering service.
God damn.
Yo. Yo. what you need?
- Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
- Shit.
Yeah. I got you.
Hold on!
Yo. What...
Hey. hey.
I'm losin' drivers. man.
They're either not
takin' jobs from me
and just workin' for you. or
they're bouncin' altogether
because they don't
want nothin' to do
- with this fuckin' weed shit.
- Yo.
What the fuck is...
Look. you said that you were
gonna make me more money...
más. mucho más...
but I am losing money
because I don't have
any fucking couriers
to run my actual
fucking business.
All right. let me
get you somethin'
to help you out with that.
Okay. I mean. you
know. this is...
Hmm?
Okay. I mean. you know. this
doesn't solve my problem.
I understand.
But it'll hold you
over for now. right?
We gettin' more drivers.
And we'll talk to the boys
about they hours with you.
I hear you. and I understand.
I'll give you one
of my best guys.
Okay. just listen
to me. all right?
I can't have you fuckin'
up my real work. Kanan.
because. you know.
like. after you're gone.
I still need a job.
I ain't goin' nowhere. Paul.
- Okay.
- Hello?
- Yeah. where you at?
A half? A'ight.
Yeah. I got that.
Thirty minutes?
A'ight. word.
We have an experienced
team in place
to help train. style.
and market the girls.
There's a formula
for success here
and I know what it is.
Listen. my daughter gonna be
exactly who she is. though.
I mean. Juke gonna be Juke.
I don't care what
your people say.
She ain't changin' for no one.
Oh. we want Jukebox
to be herself
right down to her name.
We got three girls...
a diva. a girl next door.
and Jukebox. our tomboy.
Y'all really got this
shit down to a science.
Well. what you think. Juke?
Yeah.
I-I think yeah.
Whatever. man. I'll
catch you later.
- A'ight. nigga. Later.
- A'ight. You know this.
I am officially on
fuckin' vacation.
Shit.
Mm-mm-mm.
♪ Borderline famous
No. I'm not nameless ♪
♪ F-A-M-O-U-S ♪
♪ Ain't no way You
gon' tame this ♪
Yeah. I like that. Like that.
♪ I don't see No
competition. sick ♪
♪ I'm the type that make
The doctor listen. bitch ♪
- Who is it?
- Raq.
Shit.
K-Kanan's not here.
I ain't playin' with
you today. Famous.
- Open up the fuckin' door.
- Shit.
Kanan said not to
let you in the...
What you doin' in here?
- Writing.
- Mm-hmm.
And smokin'.
That's comin' from
the neighbor's place.
Yeah. well. it looks
like you neighbor
forgot his blunt in your crib.
Look...
Kanan told me not to let
you come up in here again.
Miss Raq!
You don't see nothin'.
you don't know nothin'.
and you ain't sayin' nothin'.
Don't wanna get in the middle
of family business. papito.
Fuck.
Oh. shit.
There she go. That's...
Yo. Juke 'bout to get
all TLC up in here.
Ahh!
Keep that shit to yourself.
Fuck all that. I want
everybody to know.
My cousin 'bout to
blow the fuck up.
Okay.
So. obviously. my dad told you.
Marvin plannin' a parade down
Jamaica Avenue right now.
Yo. fuck this pizza shit.
You goin' home.
You gonna put some nice shit on.
I'm takin' you to B. Smith's.
Okay. where did you get
the money for B. Smith's?
I already made the
reservation. Juke.
We gonna be late.
How you payin' for it. Kanan?
I been savin' up for a
rainy day and a celebration.
This is it.
So go home. Come
on. change clothes.
You don't need to do all this.
Ah. Juke. how often
does good shit like
this happen to us?
How many times do people like us
get blessings like these?
We celebratin'.
I want people to see.
I want people to
know that we got shit
to be happy about over
here in Southside. too.
How much time I got?
Gotta hurry. girl.
Guess Juke ain't need me
at the audition anyway.
Shit.
She probably better
off without me.
When you give a kid
your word on somethin'.
you follow through.
You don't fake like you did.
If you say you gonna do
somethin'. you do it.
You know. the last
thing I ever wanna do
is hurt my niece
or disappoint her.
It ain't worth goin'
into the specifics.
Just know that I know
that I fucked up.
And I feel fucked up about it.
Yo. Lou.
yo. man. she turnt
that shit out.
She killed it! She murdered it!
See? Talent always
wins. baby. Yeah.
Yo. and that work
you did with her.
it made a difference.
I mean. I gave you shit.
but turns out you might know
a little somethin' about
this music thing after all.
I hate to admit
that. I really do.
Yeah. I know you do.
You got some time tonight?
I hope you not thinkin'
you gonna turn me
into a singer. too.
'cause you remember my
solo on "Peace Be Still"
back in eighth grade.
Nigga. I just got my
hearing back from that shit.
Nah. I-I-I got this thing I
want you to see in Manhattan.
Maybe we could work
together. make some money.
You know I'm always
up for makin' money.
Let me change these clothes up.
We can get on.
Yeah. uh. you might want
to hit that shower. too.
Oh. yeah. that drunk-tank
stink stay on a nigga.
Yeah. that's-that's why you...
that's why you shower it off.
Fuck you. Paco Rabanne.
Ooh.
The mac and cheese
is 20 damn dollars.
For $20. that shit
better change my life.
Whatever. Fuck that.
You changin' your
life all on your own.
I always knew it'd
happen for you like this.
For real.
Shit. that's why I
used to scream and cry
like a little bitch
whenever you went over
your friends' house
when we was young.
I always just knew somebody else
was gonna figure out
how great you are.
take you away from me forever.
Nobody's takin' me
away from you. Kanan.
I'm proud of you. girl.
Love you.
I love you. too.
Deen said Ronnie came through.
My brother lookin'
for his own work. Hmm.
And Ronnie must've
talked a whole lotta shit
for Deen to hit me about it.
'cause Deen ain't
got no love for me.
I thought you was
puttin' Ronnie on?
I ain't find
nothin' for him yet.
You know. the type of
thing Ronnie good for
is real specific.
And the shit he bad for
ain't specific at all.
Like I told your brother.
I was a big E-Train fan...
just like every other
warm-blooded woman
that crossed his path.
Except our moms.
Dad never could get her to
join that particular fan club.
Yeah. but we ain't sure
Moms is warm-blooded.
Yo. um. so Lou
was talkin' to me
about puttin' some
money into the spot.
you know. and-and
bringin' it up to date.
blowin' it up a little bit.
Oh. Well. we hadn't
talked about that. but...
certainly. I'm open
to the conversation.
I'm just thinkin' that
some of the things
that need changin' might
need some investment.
And I don't know shit
about the business.
but I trust my baby brother.
and I think he might have
an idea of what to do here.
Well...
I'll be equally
honest with you both.
At most...
I figure I've got about
two years left doin' this.
I am too old and tired
to be breakin' up fights
and throwin' drunks
out the door.
I would like nothing more
than to work with some
young guys like you
who can reimagine it
and-and rebuild it
and take it over when I'm gone.
Hmm.
I can't lie. though. it...
it ain't much to
look at right now.
Whoa.
I'll have you know that
that stage has been graced
by everyone from Lou Reed...
to Herbie Hancock...
to Mose Allison.
Yeah. and I'll have
you know that...
uh. I don't know who the
fuck any of them are.
Herbie Hancock
fucked with "Rockit."
the instrumental joint you like?
With the... with the... uh.
with the robots and shit.
- Ah.
- Plus. there's...
there's also. uh.
a space in the back
where I could set up a studio.
get some of these acts on wax.
Fuck it. I'm in.
Let's do the damn thing.
Café Vous.
- To Café Vous.
- Café Vous.
Need to talk to
them right quick.
- No.
- Yo! I'm Unique's brother.
Let him through.
Your brother's not a
popular person here.
What's your name?
- Ronnie.
- What do you want?
Product.
I wanna make you some money.
We're not interested.
Don't know what
my brother did.
and it don't matter.
If 'Nique's a problem.
we can figure that out.
Problems always got solutions.
Good luck to you.
Time to go.
I ain't 'Nique.
Juliana...
Kanan comin' home soon.
Word?
You two work it out?
I'm tryin'.
'Nique.
I can't have no wildness
around me and my son. 'Nique.
I told him I was out. so
I guess I gotta be out.
What I'm tellin' you is.
you know. you and me. we in...
we in different
places right now.
And it don't feel
good to say. but...
I think we gotta pump
the brakes. press pause.
I get it.
I mean. we just kickin'
it anyway. right?
Nothin' more. nothin' less.
That's what I'm sayin'.
I guess we good. then.
We always gonna be good.
Gonna remind you of that
next time we
beefin' over blocks.
Them days is over for me.
I don't know if you sayin'
that for you or for me.
You know. I can't tell neither.
One last time. then.
Okay.
Shall we?
What's up. baby?
Good?
Oh.
What?
What the fuck?
Step to the side.
The machine is broken. man.
A'ight? I ain't even
got nothin' on me.
Just my books for school. man.
See? Told you.
You told me what. again?
What the fuck? That ain't mine.
Why is it in your book bag?
Turn around. Put your
hands behind your back.
I'm not puttin' my
hands behind my...
Yo! What the... Nah. somebody
put that shit in there. man!
Yo! What the fuck. man?
[Krystal] ♪ And it
leaves me feeling empty ♪
♪ With this hollow chord ♪
♪ Make it like it was ♪
♪ The way you used to be ♪
♪ When I hungered
for your love ♪
♪ Constantly ♪
Boombox. right?
Jukebox.
You good with harmony?
'Cause they're gonna want you
to follow my lead.
- I don't know. Maybe.
- Hey. y'all.
I'm Iesha.
You're Krystal.
and you're Jukebox.
I already asked N'Kiyah
who else made it.
Shit. I didn't even
think about anyone else.
Yo. Polo girl.
Mint girl.
You gotta be kiddin'
me with this. Kanan.
It's not even mine.
You just can't help yourself.
You both can go in to
meet with Dr. West now.
- It's not.
- Mm-hmm.
No. I don't know how it
got in the bag. Dr. West.
I swear to God.
I remember not too long ago
sitting right here with
you and your mother
and encouraging you to
apply to Stuyvesant.
Yeah. I remember that. too.
And look where we are now.
I'm tellin' you. somebody
put that in my bag.
I'm not lyin' neither.
If there's any
saving grace here.
and it's not much at all.
it's that the gun
didn't have ammunition.
Look...
I'm not trying to explain
anything away at all. Dr. West.
I'm just as disappointed
in my son as you are.
But recently our family
had some violence visit us.
Could be that Kanan was just
tryin' to protect himself.
What?
Ma. it's not mine.
I'm aware of this.
And. frankly. it's the
reason why I called you in
rather than simply
having the police take
Kanan into custody.
And I appreciate that. truly.
And I'm sorry about what
happened at your home.
The world's gone mad.
Dr. West. that gun
does not belong to me.
Then whose is it. Kanan. hmm?
I don't know.
It was in your bag.
It can't be anybody
else's but yours.
By law. I'm obligated
to alert the police
about the seizure of a
weapon on school grounds.
But fortunately for you.
someone in the police department
is looking out for you.
They've agreed not
to press charges.
Instead. they're going to let
the ACS handle the situation.
Praise God.
A social worker will contact you
in the next 24 to 48 hours.
And over the next six months.
they will conduct random
visits with you both
to check not only
on Kanan's progress
but also the suitability
of the living conditions
within your home.
If you violate the terms put
forth by the social worker.
most likely some sort of curfew
and a regular. detailed
accounting of your whereabouts.
you'll be sent to
juvenile court.
where this weapons
charge will be filed.
I wanna be clear. Kanan.
it's not just you who could
face prosecution here.
They could file charges
against your mother.
And I know you don't want that.
So I'm really into.
like. Native Tongues.
- You know them?
- Mm-hmm.
You got Tribe. Jungle
Brothers. De La?
I mean. De La Soul is Dead
is. like. my favorite album
of all time.
There's a lot of
tracks on that one.
Yeah. and they all so dope.
All right. ladies. gather
up around me. please.
I'm excited.
And you should be. too.
But make no mistake about
it. you're here to work.
and it's not gonna be easy.
but if you dedicate
yourself to it.
if you push yourself farther
than you ever thought you could.
it will be worthwhile.
The name of the
group is Butta...
with an A.
Now. we focus-grouped a
number of possible names.
and far and away this one
got the best response.
I don't know if I like it.
And I don't care.
I don't care if
you like the name.
if you like me. if
you like the weather.
This is not a democracy. ladies.
You do what I tell you to do.
or you go back to
where you came from.
As far as you're
concerned. I'm God.
There's no one
above me. not you...
not your parents.
not your boyfriends.
Now. you all may sing
in different voices.
but the only voice
in your head is mine.
I'm your north star.
your guiding light.
your pot of gold at
the end of the rainbow.
I'm everything.
You nothin'.
You nothin' until I
tell you you somethin'.
Now. not long from now.
we'll be showcasin' Butta
to executives from the
biggest record labels
in the industry.
If they like what they see.
we'll be in a studio
within two weeks
and out on tour
within three months.
If they don't like you.
Butta is just another baby
that never should've been born.
Until then.
today's the first
day of your new job.
Let's get to work.
Ma. that gun ain't mine.
Why would I ever
believe you. Kanan?
You don't live at home no more.
You got new friends.
and we don't even talk.
I can't believe you because
I don't even know you.
Whatever. Ma. I'm goin' home.
And by goin' home.
I know you mean you
comin' back to our home.
the one you and me supposed
to be livin' in together.
Look. you heard what she said
in there just like I did.
I ain't catchin' no case
behind your bullshit.
This shit's not even negotiable.
You comin' home with me.
and there ain't no
two ways about it.
Get your ass in the car.
So what Deen talkin' 'bout?
- Deen who?
- Don't fuck with me. Ronnie.
I know you rolled up on him.
I ain't seen that
nigga in years.
That's funny.
'cause. you know.
Deen told me himself
that you came by
lookin' for work.
So. what. you callin'
a nigga a liar?
I said what I said.
You know what?
You ain't shit. Ronnie.
You ain't shit.
This on you and nobody else.
But I am happy to have you home.
It's like I was sayin'.
we can set the mic up in
the middle of the room...
put my boy right here.
We get the right
clientele up in here.
we can move a lot of work.
I mean. spot's nasty.
but it's gots potential.
We can't have that
shit in here. man.
That's her. not me.
I'm not talkin' about
her. I'm talkin' 'bout me.
I-I-I need to get paid. too.
You gonna get paid off
the door and the drinks
and the artists that
we break in here.
I'm asking you...
let the club alone.
Don't dirty it up
with that shit.
Don't dirty me up.
Fine.
Cruddy-ass white fools in here
probably ain't got
no real money anyway.
But you better be
waterin' them drinks down
somethin' fierce. nigga.
'cause I been
watchin' old Shirley.
and she do some
deep fuckin' pours.
I'm on it.
It's only so many times
I can cover for the boy. Raq.
I mean. takin' a gun to school?
- That shit's outrageous.
- He was just scared.
That's on you.
You brought all this
shit into his life.
And the Feds...
they still got
questions about Crown.
They ain't buyin' it.
So you best believe they
still got eyes on you.
And if they got eyes on
you. they got eyes on Kanan.
They can look all they want.
Ain't got shit to see.
Look. I gotta go make dinner.
You know. you did a good thing.
helpin' your kid out
with that shit at school.
Did I?
Hey. yo. I ain't takin'
your calls no more.
You gotta start figurin'
this shit out on your own.
...in our Sweep of Champions.
Hey. Grandma.
On a Big Sweep before...
What you watchin' here?
Ah. favorite show.
And here they are
competing again.
Do second chances ever pay off?
- Well. we have...
- So...
they did not have your vanilla.
But...
I got your second
best. strawberry.
- Oh.
- Okay?
Crack that for you.
Here you go.
And...
we got the. uh. batteries
for your hearing aid. too.
So I'ma change that out for you.
All right. There we go.
Hey. you gonna miss
the funniest part.
...towards her second
shopping list item.
Now. at the end of the sweep.
we'll find out how much...
Everybody remember. at
the end of the Big Sweep.
the bell will ring.
and you must stop
shopping and head back.
The team whose runner has
swept up the most money
in merchandise and bonus
prizes wins the game...
On your mark. get set. go!
Shouldn't have run
your mouth. nigga.
First rule of the street
and everybody know
it: Don't stench it.
Don't talk about nothin' that
ain't yours to talk about.
And it ain't even about
what you say though.
it's about what you hear.
I never liked being
around no niggas who talk.
'Cause if they gappin' off about
some other fool's business.
you could be damn sure
they talkin' the same shit
about yours.
Shit real simple.
don't hear nothin'.
won't be nothin'.
And that's smart 'cause
they really add up.
And Tim's finding a big box
of delicious cheddar cheese.
[Ice Cube] ♪ Goddamn It's
a brand-new payback ♪
♪ From the straight
Gangsta mack ♪
♪ In straight gangsta black ♪
♪ How many motherfuckers
Gotta pay? ♪
♪ Went to the shelf
And dusted off the AK ♪
♪ Caps gotta get peeled ♪
♪ 'Cause the nigga
You love to hate ♪
♪ Still can kill at will ♪
♪ It ain't no pop
'Cause that sucks ♪
♪ And you can new jack
swing On my nuts ♪
♪ Down with the niggas
That I bail out ♪
♪ I'm platinum. bitch. and
I didn't have to sell out ♪
♪ "Fuck you. Ice Cube"
That's what the people say ♪
♪ Fuck America Still
with the triple K ♪
♪ 'Cause you know When
my nine goes buck ♪
♪ It'll bust your head ♪
♪ Like a watermelon dropped
From 12 stories up ♪
♪ Now let's see who'll drop ♪
♪ Punk motherfuckers
Tryin' to ban hip-hop ♪
♪ Fuck R&B And
the runnin' man ♪
♪ I'm the one that stand
With the gun in hand ♪
♪ Make sure before you buck
With duck quick. punk ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the wrong nigga
To fuck with. fuck with ♪
I'ma let y'all know
one thing. man.
[Ice Cube] ♪ Hell. yeah It's
on. you better tell 'em ♪
♪ Ice Cube. and I'm rolling
With the motherfuckin' L.M. ♪
♪ It's the number-one
crew In the area ♪
♪ Make a move for your
gat And I'll bury ya ♪
♪ Ashes to ashes
Dirt to dirt ♪
♪ Punks roll When
I put in work ♪
♪ 'Cause Lench Mob
niggas Are the craziest ♪